Ok grandpa
The last dish is ready
Hey wife
Why did you get down by yourself?
Be careful.
Go fast
We're about to eat
Raner
You have to take care of the mirror every day
I have to cook by myself
Don't come too expensive, oops.
It's okay, I'm happy, it's too late.
Hey, brother, wait a minute.
Grandpa, this is what the master asked me to give you.
And he said to me, hmm.
Be sure to let you take it
This old skin
What's the idea?
I don't know.
Anyway, the master told me that he will definitely let you accept it.
Last time, I took a wild Sansheng
Not with my granddaughter.
And I don't have a granddaughter for him to change this time.
The old master hit on him again
that
That grandpa
This is
You take it back to him take it back to him
Shoes, hey, take it back for him, take it back for him
Hey